2.3(a)
    Results:
    Best Validation Accuracy for depth=1: 0.842
    Best Validation Accuracy for depth=3: 0.867
    Best Validation Accuracy for depth=5: 0.865
    Best Validation Accuracy for depth=7: 0.860
    Best Validation Accuracy for depth=9: 0.851

    Best Global Configuration: {'depth': 3, 'hidden_size': 32, 'lr': 0.001, 'dropout': 0.0, 'l2': 0.0}
    Best Global Validation Accuracy: 0.867

    Briefly comment on how the validation accuracy changes as the depth increases.
    R: When increasing depth from 1 to 3, there is a clear improvement in validation accuracy (0.842 → 0.867). 
       However, after depth=3, the performance starts dropping slightly, as the validation accuracies for depth 5, 7,
       and 9 are all below that value. This means that adding more layers did not result in better performance, and
       the best depth for this setup was depth=3.



2.3(b)
    Results: Best Depth Test Accuracy: 0.869

    Comment on the training dynamics observed in these plots, including convergence behavior and signs of underfitting/overfitting.
    R: For depth=3, the training accuracy keeps improving throughout the epochs, while the validation accuracy improves
       mainly during the first half of training and then stabilizes. This shows that the model converges well. There is
       some overfitting since training accuracy is higher than validation accuracy, but the difference is not very large.

       Looking at the losses, training loss decreases steadily, but validation loss stops decreasing after a certain point,
       which is another indication of slight overfitting. Still, it never diverged significantly.

    Report the test accuracy of this model and briefly comment on its generalization ability.
    R: The test accuracy for the best configuration (depth=3) was 0.869, which is almost the same as the best validation
       accuracy (0.867). Since both results are very close, we can say that the model generalized well and that the
       validation results reflected the true generalization performance.



2.3(c)
    Results:
    Depth=1, Final Training Accuracy: 0.866
    Depth=3, Final Training Accuracy: 0.896
    Depth=5, Final Training Accuracy: 0.894
    Depth=7, Final Training Accuracy: 0.883
    Depth=9, Final Training Accuracy: 0.877

    Analyze how model depth affects interpolation of training data.
    R: Increasing depth improves training accuracy up to depth=3 (0.896), meaning deeper networks initially learn the
       training data better. After that, training accuracy drops slightly, which suggests that deeper networks are harder
       to optimize under the same settings.

    Discuss whether increased depth consistently results in improved training accuracy.
    R: No. Accuracy goes up until depth=3 but then decreases. So increasing depth does not consistently lead to a better
       fit of the training data.

    Is the training accuracy converging to any value as depth increases?
    R: No. The training accuracy does not appear to increase after depth=3. Instead, it goes down, so there is no sign of
       convergence toward a higher value by just adding more layers.

    How does this relate to the Universal Approximation Theorem?
    R: In theory, more depth increases the representational capacity of the model, but this only helps if the network can
       be trained effectively. In this case, deeper networks did not perform better, likely because optimization became
       harder, which prevented them from reaching better accuracies despite having more layers.
